Perpetuum mobiles have a wrong name.
A real perpetuum mobile does not only stay forever:
if you let an object run in space
in a perfect vacuum, it will continue to run forever.
However, you do not get usable labor.
If someone really builds a perpetual motion, a real,
then it would yield more energy than it would be put in:
enough to overcome friction and air resistance,
enough to continue to a mechanical defect.
And just like a windmill
you can take some of that energy for your own use.
There are of course some physical objections for this.
The knowledge of thermodynamics is always maintained.
This is a device made by Thomas Young in 1807.
It is the original, two centuries old,
from the archives of "The Royal Institution" in London,
that's why I have to wear gloves.
It is an unbalanced wheel
and there have been many perpetuum mobiles like this.
There was a giant in Los Angeles in the early years of the twentieth century
who advertised a pub. And according to "Popular Mechanics"
he kept going until there was a power outage.
And there was an inventor in 1829 who knew for sure
that a car with conical wheels
the world would go to the end of time.
They all work according to the same principle:
make sure that the center of gravity is always on one side,
always out of balance on the same side.
In this case, if you draw a line through the middle
there will be more balls on one side
so that side must be heavier.
And when one comes to the top ...
... he rolls through so that that side is always pushed down.
Of course this does not work.
And that's why Thomas Young built this machine:
to demonstrate that this is not possible.
There may be more balls on that side,
but the balls on this side are further removed from the center.
No matter how complicated you make it,
this wheel will rock back and forth
and eventually choose a position where the center of mass is lowest,
or where it stops by friction.
But imagine it if perpetuum mobiles really work.
What is not difficult to imagine, apparently:
there are several fraudulent companies
who successfully knew investors to get for surprising large amounts
and then never came up with proof of a working prototype.
There have been so many attempts that both the American and British patent offices
even refuse to accept the idea of ​​perpetuum mobiles.
You can contradict physics and thermodynamics as much as you like,
but there is a clearer argument against perpetuum mobiles;
against the idea of ​​unlimited energy.
How it is driven,
whether it's a balanced wheel or something else,
if you have a magic box that delivers more energy than it needs:
what happens when you connect a small one to a bigger one,
and so on, and so on, and so on?
Yes can start with something the size of a grain of sand
and thus turning the earth around.
And what happens when you connect it to yourself?
If you have something that can increase the incoming energy
Then you have a bomb after a few seconds.
Thank you to "the Royal Institution"!
On their channel I disarm three other versions of the perpetuum mobiles
together with someone from their team.
Go see it!